
LInux and unix comands are mostly similar.
Linux kernal is open source. so any one having programming knowledge can able to change it.
Based on linux kernal there are many other OPerating systems are came.
ex: Ubuntu, Fedora, debin, Android, redhat


Smart phone based linux distrubution is android
CentOS - is one most famous and used linux distribution. it is used for enterprise and
webservers. it is free

linux mint rleased in 2016 it is for desktops. it is 4th mostly used OS
ubuntu - thrd most used os

archlinux
centos

linux files are stored in tree view. 
top is Root. it is called tree structre

Root/
//this is the root for all the files

in linux,unix everything are files
event folders, files, devices( printers,mouse, keyboard etc)

two type of files`
 1. Ordinary or general files
 2. Directory files
 3. Device files

 ordinary files
 ---------------------------
 image, video, program, video
 they can be in ASCII or binary format

 DIrectory files
 --------------------
 it actlike folders in 


 in linux functions working in lower case. but it will alow us to save file names in caps
 but if try to searh the file using "locate" normally caps files will not shown. 
 we have specifically teslls the system search with caps.
 locate -i  *red*house**city*


 ALL DEVICE FILES recide in div folder


 user accounts
 --------------
 regular user. it will created while installing linux
    this is called standard accounts in ubuntu
 root user .  this also will created while installing linux
    using this we can access restricted files, install s/w
service user. this user for services like webserver, appachi server.
    this will not availabe for ubuntu. it is available ubuntu server edition





file naming
--------------------
in linux we can have two files in same name. but different case.

 every file having file discripter.
 screen also has file discriper. if any prgoram runs output will send to device file discrpter. whcih we will see on screen.


 file discripter
 -------------------
 in linux everything is a file.
 if we run any progrom then by default 3 files always will be open.
 1. ouput - (device monitor) - FD1
 2. error - FD2
 3. standard input - FD0

by default error will be outputed to screen descipter.
but Error redirection will write into file.
in linux error redirection concept is important.

ex: if we run below command, and error will display in screen using screen 
devices discripter
telnet someinvalidHostName

this will block other commands to execute. instead we can redirect the error in to file.

telnet someinvalidhost 2> error.txt

here 2 is indicating error discrpter FD2




