REST 
-----------
Representational state transfer. it is simpler then SOAP

rest is just a series of rules in place for ur server, 
so everyone that uses ur service understands what it does and how works

Rest is not just json response , XML response ,custome types etc.,
It is a Architectural style. I is not just standard. we use standardS to implement it.

REST is protocol agnostic.
And REST will not use HTTP only. it can use other protocols.

# as per my understanding REST is architectural style and we implement this with
different protocols and standards

What is the meaning of Representational state transfer?
Browser(client) will make http request (page1.aspx) to server and server response with 
HTML and CSS back to the client. Now Client will change it s state to display new page.
Which means it transfer's its state to Represent the response from the server

Assume browser having angular 2 client. Now client make http request server and 
server responds with representation of that resource to angular client.
Client gets this representation and change stat of it.
Response can be JSON or other formate. But most of the cases it is JSON



web services require more design and development effort but produce loosely coupled 
software systems that are easier to manage and maintain.

As you will learn, decoupling the
client from a web service requires more of an investment of time and effort, 
which is then paid back through increased
flexibility and maintainability,

RESTful web services are useful for decoupling clients and the web services they
consume. They require more design and development effort, but they make it easier to
maintain the web service.

when we can choose RESTFUL service?
when you expect a high rate of change in the API delivered by the web service.
You should use RESTful web services when clients are being developed by third parties - because we
expect more requirements from the client

The less prior
knowledge a client requires to consume a web service, the more RESTful that service is.




In RESTful terminology, the creation of a resource is typically mapped to the POST
verb.

A complete rest api should implement below mentioned methods
POST
GET
DELETE
PUT //used for update or file upload


