c# difference btn function level variables and class level variables and properties

Definetly to read ES6.

what is mit licence.
apachie licence
read about javascript console object's methods

Basic hacking like CSRF (cross site request forgery), XSS(cross site scripting)

Authentication - oAuth
Windows credential authentication on webapplication
Authentication mechanism in MVC

webapplication - spead test
javascript memory profiler and performance testing using Chrome and other tools

what is the problem when we do bundling on jquery files..
bcs somewhere i faced problem of $ symbol... and somewhere i have read that
$ symbol we can change while doing bundling.. please take ans from net

what is cohesive?

Differenct btwn release mode dlls and debug mode dlls.
what is the pdb file role for release mode dlls

Roselyn compiler

difference btwn dump and mini dump file
what is Adplus tool? (it is for generating dump file. but know about this more.. is this compatetor for debug diag?)

read about CLR versions and how it behaves
what is cloud native app?
how to read regex componnents..

what is open stack developmnt?

How to do code coverage?
what is the best fot library we can use ?
Awesine icons
bootstrap icons
google icons

Test driven developmentt and what is red green and refactor processes


what is Behaviour driven development??
Behavior Driven Development (BDD)
what is seperation of concern?

how to do complex testing with mock ?
MOQ mock testing framework
what is usecases?
how to convert requirement to technical design?
LLD HLD
learn design pattern??
Factory , template pattern
Read about SOA architechture
 Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP)

how to a software design??
	UML (colabration diagram, class diagram, class diagram etc.,)
	Design patterns
	aggrigation and composition (tells about life time of a object comparing with another)
	function points (use to give the estimation)
	WBS (also use to give the estimation)


DB - Optimistic locking and pesimistic locking


Static code analysis will find if there are any unreachable code or hanging code,
what is GET,HEAD,POST,DEBUG,PUT,DELETE,PATCH,OPTIONS?

what is MIT licence?

drawbacks in hybrid applications on mobile
what is angular-resource.min.js?

Hacking
cross-site scripting (XSS)
and clickjacking.

Session cookies with security flag.. what is this statement. i got ti from saravanana Murugan. in cinet  security vulnarability testing related


Javascript - Prototype, DefineProperty

Angular js.. how to solve caching issue?


what is svchost?
MVC grid view
what is NET Compact Framework?
Windows Process Activation Service (WAS)
what is javascript promises?

GPU Usage
Do remote debugging - done
What is the use of temp folder for asp.net -done
Google developer tools features
what is ipv6
OWIN


Post Sharp
Veracode security scanning
code coverage tools
instrumentation
Dapper
Nunit
XUnit
Nsubstitute Mock
ATTD Process
Jenkins Build
AWS Cloud hosting

Queuing technologies - Kafka, RabbitMQ


Intelli Trace in vsts 2015
IIS express?
Javascript module pattern
Custome value provider

what is *.vhost.exe
How edit and go worksin (VSTS2013 debugging mode editing)
diff btn iis vs iis express?
Windows shell
how to cancel http request
How does a .NET application start?
Sandboxing in .net
what is UTF-8?
what is IPV4?

iis architecture
http://www.iis.net/learn/get-started/introduction-to-iis/introduction-to-iis-architecture
