
what is YAML?
	this is like XML,CSV,JSON like data formate. but dont know what it is the use of this, and what is the diff btn xml and YAML

what BSON? it is like json but have to know more. it is used in webapi








Analyse google response headers
----------------------------------
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: http://localhost:4200
Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
Date: Sun, 02 Apr 2017 05:08:29 GMT
Pragma: no-cache
Expires: Fri, 01 Jan 1990 00:00:00 GMT
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, must-revalidate, proxy-revalidate
X-UA-Compatible: IE=EmulateIE7
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN
X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
Server: GSE
Set-Cookie: SC=RV=:ED=us; expires=Mon, 02-Oct-2017 05:08:29 GMT; path=/finance; domain=.google.com
Alt-Svc: quic=":443"; ma=2592000; v="37,36,35"
 




SLICK GRID - JQUERY GRID (ON SCROLL LOADING POSSIBLE)
ALASQL - WRIETE SQL LIKE QUERIES FOR INDEXD DB (Broser DB)

kendo UI - read properly
Jquery - read properly
what is the best way to do client side redirection?

what is cloud native app?
what is open stack developmnt?

How to do code coverage?
what is the best fot library we can use ?
Awesine icons
bootstrap icons
google icons

Test driven developmentt and what is red green and refactor processes


what is Behaviour driven development??
Behavior Driven Development (BDD)
what is seperation of concern?

how to do complex testing with mock ?
MOQ mock testing framework
what is usecases?
how to convert requirement to technical design?
LLD HLD
learn design pattern??
Factory , template pattern
Read about SOA architechture
 Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) 

how to a software design??
	UML (colabration diagram, class diagram, class diagram etc.,)
	Design patterns
	aggrigation and composition (tells about life time of a object comparing with another)
	function points (use to give the estimation)
	WBS (also use to give the estimation)


DB - Optimistic locking and pesimistic locking


Static code analysis will find if there are any unreachable code or hanging code,
what is GET,HEAD,POST,DEBUG,PUT,DELETE,PATCH,OPTIONS?

what is MIT licence?

drawbacks in hybrid applications on mobile
what is angular-resource.min.js?

Hacking
cross-site scripting (XSS)
and clickjacking.

Session cookies with security flag.. what is this statement. i got ti from saravanana Murugan. in cinet  security vulnarability testing related


Javascript - Prototype, DefineProperty

Angular js.. how to solve caching issue?


what is svchost?
MVC grid view
what is NET Compact Framework?
Windows Process Activation Service (WAS)
what is javascript promises?

GPU Usage
Do remote debugging - done
What is the use of temp folder for asp.net -done
Google developer tools features
what is ipv6
OWIN


Post Sharp
Veracode security scanning
code coverage tools
instrumentation
Dapper
Nunit
XUnit
Nsubstitute Mock
ATTD Process
Jenkins Build
AWS Cloud hosting

Queuing technologies - Kafka, RabbitMQ


Intelli Trace in vsts 2015
IIS express?
Javascript module pattern
Custome value provider

what is *.vhost.exe
How edit and go worksin (VSTS2013 debugging mode editing)
diff btn iis vs iis express?
Windows shell
how to cancel http request
How does a .NET application start?
Sandboxing in .net
what is UTF-8?
what is IPV4?

iis architecture
http://www.iis.net/learn/get-started/introduction-to-iis/introduction-to-iis-architecture
