Technical / Functional competency
I am having strong technical and domain knowledge(Credit bureau domain). I am having strong knowledge in C#, HTML5, javascript, ASP.net, MVC, jQuery, Angular 2, Angular4, TypeScript.
I have learnt ZAP and JMeter tools. Also i have started learning Asp.net Core 2.0. 
i can able to learn any new technologies quickly


Adherence to Scope and Schedule
	Always i try to complete the task on schedule with good quality. In SBX product, moste of the sprints i have completed the task items which are planned for the sprint without delay

	  

Requirement Analysis & Design
	Before start development i will try to get the complete requirement and based on that i will do the proper design and impact analysis then will start the development.
In PMR development I have done proper Requirement analysis and design based on that i have started to develop PMR base framework.
Also for SBX development i have done proper analysis and POCs before start developing the modules


Any other
	I am always trying to deliver the project on time. For PMR, SB2.0 we have delivered more task items in very less period of time and with good quality.
For SB 2 Morocco i have completed stress testing and fixes  in less period of time


-----------------------
 
Process Adherence
	I am always following the process and quickly adopt to the new process. 
For SBX development i have completely adopted to the new changes like Scrumm.


Quality Compliance
	I am always try give the releases with good quality in mind. 
	For morocco releases we have done unit testing , Integerated testing  
	before releasing to QA  to ensure the good quality. For SBX whiel developping i have covered moste of the scenearios in Unit testing to ensure the good quality


Time Sheet Compliance
	I am always filling the time sheet by on time

Any Other
	I have created build automation for website and admin applications. This will do the automatic build and find the build errors at earlier stage.
Also i am daily checking the checkin comments given by my team members also i am doing the random code review to ensure the quality



Client Satisfaction
	 I am having experience in managing of Europe and middle east clients. I having good knowledge on latest UI trends which satisfies Client needs.
In SB2.1 we have Changed CIR rendering technology, with Angular 2 technology, Now CIR can able to render within 2 seconds even nummber of loans morethan 7000
 


Escalation Management
	I give periority to escalations like Any critical issue in any bureau (SB1 or SB2). 
Recently i have worked with Tanzania team, to solve the Bulk engine(SB1) related Critical production issues and 
i have worked with Nepal team and solved CIR rendering issue in Nepal credit bureau. Also i have involved in SB2 demo environment  preparation 
for srilanka and cinet demo

 

Any Other
Depends up on the situaltion i have worked late nights on environment preparation for SB2 Demo


I have developed my communication skills. I 
I am having good experience in handling the clients from middle east and Erope.



Discipline
Strictly Following  Company Rules and Polices and i encorage the same for my office colleges

I am always helping my teame members and colleges. Also i am gaining knowledge from my team members by interacting with them
In SBX development i have involved in all team meatings, and gained good knowledge and ideas from Jeyahar, Aravindan, Bala and other colleges
 
 

Always Jeyahar is giving me chance to implement new things and guiding me where ever support required.
I am a quick learner and Willing to learn new technologies


Nothing specifically

Planning to learn Asp.net Core 2.0 and Have to start learning Machine learning techniques





Bulk engine issue in Ghana

Solved SB1 Report hang issue in Nepal project

Found performance issues in Morocco environment and solved

Found the solution for CRC website's webpage performance issue

Done many bug fixes in morocco SB2 project

SBX development Involved in Framework design 

Developped Base frame work for PMR reports. It is easy to development multiple PMR reports using this base framework

Implemented lazy loading option in CV2 


-----------------------------------------------------
Developped angular 2 CIR. Using this CIR can able to render within 2 secs., even nummber of loans morethan 7000

