Key_words: 
authorisation_code,
id_token,
access_token (or authorisation_token),
refresh_token

i.e oauth defines access_token. OpenID defines identity token.
identity token can send to app and app can validate who is the user

In OpenID SSL is a requirement. # it is mandatory 

Oauth 2's Access_Token should'nt be used to sign in to client application. bcs it s 
only autherization token to access the resources of another applicaiton. To solve this 
OpenID Connect come into the picture

OpenID connect 1.0 is simple identity layer on top of the oauth 2.0 protocol.

A client application can request an identity token (next to an access token).
this identity token is used to sign into the client application.
UserInfo endpoint allows a client application to get additional information on the user.



it allows clients to verify the identiy of the end user based on the authentication performed
 by authorization server. also obtain client basic profile  info. 

It Defines UserInfo endpoint to get user information like email, picture, website, nicknames etc.,

It built on top of oauth 2. so flows are same.

it can use authorization Code Grant and Implicit grant are applicable. 
CLient credentials grant not applicable.

In OpenID Connect, we will request access_token and id_token from security token service. 
Client receives id_token and access_token.


Hybrid flow
--------------------
combination of authorization code (auth code returned to the client that can be exchanged
for id_token & access_token) & Implicit (id_token and access_token directly returned to the client).
in hybrid flow some tokens are returned from the authorization endpoint, 
others from the token endpoint. this 
allows client app to use id_token to get access to user's identity, 
but at the same time receive an authorization code through
which a refresh token can be obtained.


OpenID Connect is the superior protocol. it extends Oauth2.

Even if the client application only requires authorization to access an api, we should use 
Open id connect instead of plain Oauth2