WebGL 
	WebGL (Web Graphics Library) is a JavaScript API for rendering interactive 3D computer graphics and 2D graphics within any compatible web browser without the use of plug-ins.
	WebGL uses hardware acceleration (It means the graphical rendering is done on dedicated hardware (your GPU / graphics card) rather than your CPU. Hardware acceleration generally produces more fluid animation)


winjs - for cross platform developmen


snap.js
	what is snap.js. I found this in mobile app (patterns)


javascript libraries
----------------------
Backbone.js- MVC framework .. used for SPA.
Lodash.js this is javascrpt library like Underscore. Helper library
Lodash makes JavaScript easier by taking the hassle out of working with arrays,
 numbers, objects, strings, etc. Lodash’s modular methods are great for:
•Iterating arrays, objects, & strings
•Manipulating & testing values
•Creating composite functions

Javascript validators
----------------------------
http://www.jslint.com/
www.jshint.com

Secure javascript
-----------------------
To run third party scripts we can use below libraries.
Caja
ADSafe


module loaders
--------------------
like c# 'use namespaceName', in Web Browsers have no concept of modules or import,
they just know how to load javascript code.
for that we need few module loaders
RequireJS
SystemJS - System.js is the one that Angular team prefers.
Webpack


WebPack and UglifyJs
------------------------------
Webpack is a JavaScript module bundler. It takes modules with their dependencies and
generates static assets representing those modules. Webpack known only how to bundle
JavaScript. To bundle other assets likes CSS, HTML, images or just about anything it uses
additional loaders. Webpack can also be extended via plugins, for example minification and
mangling can be done using the UglifyJS plugin for webpack.




zone.js
--------
One of the complexities of Angular 1 is its digest loop, which helps Angular 1 figure out
the changes in the model and refresh the view. In Angular 2 we don’t have this concept
anymore. In Angular 2, all browser events are “monkey-patched”, so even if you an
event handler outside your Angular app, it will still be notified and can detect changes in
objects. Angular team have extracted this part from the core Angular script and opensourced
it as a separate library that can be re-used by others. This library is called
zone.js

A Zone is an execution context that persists across async tasks. You can think of it as thread-local storage for JavaScript VMs.