The core features of the CLR (such as memory management,
assembly loading, security, exception handling, and thread synchronization)
any language which is poing to CLR will get above mentioined features.

at runtime, the CLR has no idea which programming language the developer used

Source code will be compiled into PE32(for 32 bit portable executable) or PE32+

managed assemblies always take advantage of Data Execution Prevention
(DEP) and Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR) in Windows; these two features improve the
security of your whole system.

Parts of Managed Module
---------------------------
PE Header (standard windows PE file header) - has file type (GUI,CUI or DLL), Time stamp (build time)
	Note: For modules that contain 	native CPU code, this header contains information about the native CPU code
CLR Header -CLR version required, Entry point, Loacation information of metadata, resources, strong names etc.,,,,
Meta Data - two main types of tables:
		tables that describe the types and members defined in your source code and tables that
		describe the types and members referenced by your source code.
IL Code - Code the compiler produced as it compiled the source code. At run time, the CLR compiles
	  the IL into native CPU instructions.


Name spaces
----------------
The CLR doesn’t know anything about namespaces. When you access a type, the CLR
needs to know the full name of the type (which can be a really long name containing periods) and
which assembly contains the definition of the type so that the runtime can load the proper assembly,
find the type, and manipulate it.


using System.IO; // Try prepending "System.IO."
using System.Text; // Try prepending "System.Text."
public sealed class Program {
public static void Main() {
FileStream fs = new FileStream(...);
StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();
}
}
  compiler interprets  the reference to FileStream in this example to mean System.IO.FileStream. Similarly, the
compiler interprets the reference to StringBuilder to mean System.Text.StringBuilder.

Static variables are like members of the Type object, and Type