we can able to setup symbol server for our own. if we do so we can able do debug our code any where.

Tools
---
debugdiag
procdump
adplus


Generating PDB files for release executables does not affect any optimizations, or significantly alter the size of the generated files.
 Typically, the only difference is the path, and the file name of the PDB file is embedded in the executable. For this reason, you should always
produce PDB files, even if you don't want to ship them with the executable.

By default, PDB files contain the following information:
	Public symbols (typically all functions, static and global variables)
A list of object files that are responsible for sections of code in the executable
Frame pointer optimization information (FPO)
Name and type information for local variables and data structures
Source file and line number information

If you are concerned about people using the PDB file information to help them reverse engineer your executable, you can also generate stripped PDB files, by using the /PDBSTRIPPED:filename linker option. If you have existing PDB files that you would like to strip private information from, you can use a tool called pdbcopy, which is part of the debugging tools for Windows.



By default, stripped PDB files contain the following information:
Public symbols (typically only non-static functions and global variables)
A list of object files that are responsible for sections of code in the executable
Frame pointer optimization information (FPO)

 you can provide the stripped version to users who may need limited debugging abilities, but keep the full PDBs confidential.


we can also able to genrate a single pdb file :-)


When you are debugging an application that has crashed, the debugger attempts to show you the functions on the stack that led up to the crash.
Without a PDB file, the debugger can not resolve the function names, their parameters, or any local variables that are stored on the stack. If you debug 32-bit
 executables, there are situations where you cannot even get reliable stack traces without symbols.

A useful tool that is installed with this package is symchk.exe. It can help to identify missing or incorrect symbols.



First and Second Chance Exceptions
-------------------------------------
A debugger gets notified of each exception twice. It is notified the first time before the
application gets a chance to handle the exception ('first chance exception'). If the application
does not handle the exception, the debugger is then given a chance to handle
the exception ('second-chance exception'). If the debugger does not handle a second-chance exception
, the application quits.
