


socket
---------
A socket is an endpoint in a communication, and a network socket is an endpoint
in a communication between applications running on two different computers
on the network. The data flows between the sockets in what’s known as
a stream.
The data in the stream can be transmitted as binary data in a buffer,
or in UNICODE AS STRING.
Both types of data are transmitted as packets: parts of
the data split off into similar-sized pieces

finish packet (FIN), that is sent by a socket to signal that the transmission is
done.



  ip address  - internet protocl
    range from 0 to 255
ip numbering system
-----------------------
128 64 32 16  8 4 2 1
0    0  1  0  0 1 0 0
--.--.--.36

see above example. based on binary 1 or 0, numbers are picked
and added to generate the ip address. so the max number can be generated is
255 if all the binrary valuse are 1

IP address tells two informations.
1. which network
2. computer
subnet mask used to tell which part of the ip address used for
 networking and host

 if subnet mask is 255.255.255.0 then first 3 artifacts are used to identify the network.
 and last one for host or computer.

other 3 artifacts are used to create multiple sub networks.

three types of subnets
Class A,B,C
A - 255.0.0.0
B - 255.255.0.0
C - 255.255.255.0
//if class C only 254 computres can be placed. this my understanding?
we can't add more into it
formula is 2^8 -2


Router connects different subnets

    main purpose is used to communicate

DNS used to resolve the domain name to ip

Default ports for few protocols
dns 53
http 80
https 404

MAC - Media Access Controll
it is a built in hardware address

Each interfaces (ex: network card) will have unique mac address.
it s unique ly identified within local network



DHCP server
---------------
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)
------------------------------------------
is a  network protocol that enables a server to
  automatically assign an IP address to a computer
   from a defined range of numbers (i.e., a scope)
   configured for a given network.
DHCP will used to automatically assign
IP, Subnet mask, Default gateway, DNS.
In huge network it is difficult to assing all those addresses manually
DHCP also have lease period. In this lease period
IP addresses can be used by the computer. after that
it will get changed. this lease time can be 1 day or 4 day.. it is based on
system admin who configured DHCP server

TCP/IP 6 is much different than TCP/IP4


 subnet mask because it is used to identify network address of an IP address by perfoming a bitwise AND operation on the netmask. A Subnet mask is a 32-bit number that masks an IP address, and divides the IP address into network address and host address.




 TCP/IP protocol is a group of multiple protocols

 IP - internet protocol is a routable protocol
 IP used to connect the computers
 and TCP used to how the transmission should happen.
 TCP is deals with the communication

 Default gateway
 ---------------
 when computer on some local network wants communicate to
 another server or computer, first it will check in local network.
 If it not find then it will ask Default gateway
Default gate way is a router or DSL Modem etc.,

basically default gate way is used to connect the sub network with other
networks
in home i am having DSL modem. it s a gate way.
if use ipconfig command then we can able to find the
default gateway's IP-address


DNS
---
Domain name server. which used to resolve the domain name.







Windowing process
---------------------
TCPIP uses this process to ensure transmission complete. it will detect transmission pockets count based on ack.,
given by end system.
 windowing, is used by the Internet's Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) as a method of controlling the flow of packets between two computers or network hosts.



NAT (It is built in to router)
---------
Network  address translation.
because of this NAT, devices no need to have unique IP address on whole world.
to external world router(default gateway) will communicate. and it will internally
link to internal n/w computers with their internal IP address. this routers
will remember which computer made a call or request


Router will have IP which is unique to the world.
internal network computers will have none unique/world ip




OSI
----
7. APplication Layer
6. Presentation Layer
5. session
4. Transport Layer - tcp ip
3. Network Layer
2. Data link
1. Physical Layer

7,6,5,4 are related to OS
others are related to network
bottom 3 layers are applicable all the nodes.
ex: computers, routers, etc.,
