Providers used to mention the dependency injection items
 providers:[LoggerService],


Components
Services and DI (Angular 2 core components)
Directives
Routers



he prefix Ng/ng is reserved for use for built-in Angular features and should not be used


main advantange in angular is ,
we will not do the direct dom manupulation like jQuery
so we no need to have direct reference to dom element.

So we can do a unit test of our component without dom element.

Services should not do any UI related operations.
Purpose of services is
	making HTTP call
	logging
	business rules etc.,

Directive
---------------
Modify DOM elements and modify their behaviours
Mostly used to add behaviour to existing dom element


In type script every page is considered as a module

One of the complexities of Angular 1 is its digest loop, which helps Angular 1 figure out
the changes in the model and refresh the view. In Angular 2 we don't have this concept
anymore.
In Angular 2, all browser events are monkey-patched, so even if you an
event handler outside your Angular app, it will still be notified and can detect changes in
objects. Angular team have extracted this part from the core Angular script and opensourced
it as a separate library that can be re-used by others. This library is called
zone.js.









we can use angularjs for
Electron,Mobile and web

Compatibility
-----------------------
It supports latest the version of browsers and also supports old browsers including IE9+ and Android 4.1+.

It is mobile first approach.



Advantages
--------------
If an application is a heavy load, then Angular 2 keeps it fully UI responsive.

It uses server side rendering for fast views on mobile.

It works well with ECMAScript and other languages that compile to JavaScript.

It uses dependency injection to maintain applications without writing too long code.

Everything will be the component based approach.
supports data anotation


Services,
Components - it is actually a ui elements


in angular main.ts is the entry point.


angular2/core library which is a primary Angular library module will be imported by another component.



Decorators not available in ES6. but type script provides this.


DI library that is built-in to Angular.

The major benefit of using dependency injection is that the client component doesn’t have to be
aware of how to create the dependencies, all the component needs to know is how to interact with
those dependencies

